refresh ahead of full migration (#24622)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/security/upcoming_changes_notification_rules.md

1. You will now be able to specify misconfiguration as a source type when creating notification rules.
2. Signals are no longer generated for CSM Misconfigurations. This also means that notifications can no longer be enabled for individual detection rules.

> <div class="alert alert-warning">Due to this change in behavior, you may notice an increase in the number of notifications generated. If the conditions set in a notification rule results in a high number of notifications, a warning message is displayed in the <strong>Preview of Matching Results</strong> panel. To help control noise, a new time aggregation mechanism is made available.</div>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<div class="alert alert-warning">Due to this change in behavior, you may notice an increase in the number of notifications generated. If the conditions set in a notification rule results in a high number of notifications, a warning message is displayed in the <strong>Preview of Matching Results</strong> panel. To help control noise, you can use the new time aggregation mechanism.</div>
```

- Notification rules can now be configured for identity risks and attack paths.
- CSM Misconfigurations notifications now contain the full finding metadata. Previously, the notification contained only limited signal metadata.

> - Terraformed custom detection rules using the legacy notifications attribute will no longer be supported after the final deprecation date. Terraform support will be introduced for Notification Rules. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Terraformed custom detection rules using the legacy notifications attribute will no longer be supported after the final deprecation date. Terraform support for Notification Rules will be available at a later date. 
```
